questions, case studies, excel worksheets, review questions, and more. You have access to all
material with your Wiley Plus account (through Brightspace or directly on the Wiley website).

Reading the textbook is important, and should ideally be done before class, so that class time is
used to highlight key topics and reinforce your learning of the material. Watching textbook
videos and doing other activities is not mandatory; but I strongly recommend it, particularly if
you are new to the financial vocabulary.

Learning Online 101

You are automatically enrolled in the Learning Online 101 course, a self-paced elective designed
to help students be better prepared for hybrid and online learning. Look for the Learning Online
101 course on your Brightspace home page.

Use of artificial intelligence (AI) or Large Language Models (LLM)
Use of AI or LLM in this course is allowed.

Course Learning Outcomes

This course has an expected learning outcome that students will develop the skills required to be
effective financial planners (for FCP majors) or to understand the advanced concept of personal
financial planning (for non-FCP majors). Therefore, students are expected to develop and exhibit
critical thinking and analytical skills applied to a wide range of financial services-related topics.
Specifically, students are expected to learn (a) basic of personal financial planning, (b) financial
statement and budgeting, (c) various planning including insurance, tax, education, and retirement
planning, and (d) investment. Specifically, for FCP majors, students are expected to demonstrate
the knowledge necessary to pass the CFP exam and other industry-related licensure
examinations.

Assignments

There are three ways for students to earn points in the course: assignments, quizzes, and the final
exam. To access both quizzes and the final exam, students MUST have a Wiley Plus account.
Use of AI or LLM is allowed.

Homework:

Homework is work that students complete outside of class, typically consisting of activities that
illustrate concepts developed in class. There will be at least 2 homework assignments, due on
Week 2. Each homework will be worth 10 points.

Quizzes:
There will be 12 quizzes. Think of them as a weekly check on your learning. They are scheduled
as indicated on the schedule of classes.
e Each quiz will include multiple-choice questions and calculations about the material
covered in class during the period since the previous quiz.
e Each quiz will provide up to 20 points.
