Use of AI or LLM is allowed.

Nondiscrimination Statement

Purdue University is committed to maintaining a community which recognizes and values the
inherent worth and dignity of every person; fosters tolerance, sensitivity, understanding, and
mutual respect among its members; and encourages each individual to strive to reach his or her
own potential. In pursuit of its goal of academic excellence, the University seeks to develop and
nurture diversity. The University believes that diversity among its many members strengthens
the institution, stimulates creativity, promotes the exchange of ideas, and enriches campus life.

Purdue University views, evaluates, and treats all persons in any University related activity or
circumstance in which they may be involved, solely as individuals on the basis of their own
personal abilities, qualifications, and other relevant characteristics.

Purdue University prohibits discrimination against any member of the University community on
the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or ancestry, genetic information,
marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or
status as a veteran. The University will conduct its programs, services and activities consistent
with applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations and orders and in conformance with the
procedures and limitations as set forth in Purdue’s Equal Opportunity, Equal Access and
Affirmative Action policy which provides specific contractual rights and remedies. Additionally,
the University promotes the full realization of equal employment opportunity for women,
minorities, persons with disabilities and veterans through its affirmative action program.

Any question of interpretation regarding this Nondiscrimination Policy Statement shall be
referred to the Vice President for Ethics and Compliance for final determination.

Netiquette
Your instructor and fellow students wish to foster a safe online learning environment. All
opinions and experiences, no matter how different or controversial they may be perceived, must
be respected in the tolerant spirit of academic discourse. You are encouraged to comment,
question, or critique an idea, but you are not to attack an individual. Our differences, some of
which are outlined in the University's nondiscrimination statement below, will add richness to
this learning experience. Please consider that sarcasm and humor can be misconstrued in online
interactions and generate unintended disruptions. Working as a community of learners, we can
build a polite and respectful course ambience. Please read the Netiquette rules for this course:
e Monitor how much space/time you are taking up in any discussion. Give other students the
opportunity to join in the discussion.
e Do not use offensive language. Present ideas appropriately.
e Be cautious in using Internet language. For example, do not capitalize all letters since this
suggests shouting.
e Avoid using vernacular and/or slang language. This could lead to misinterpretation.
e Keep an “open-mind” and be willing to express even your minority opinion.
e Think and edit before you push the ‘Send’ button.
