Quizzes will be administered online, through the Brightspace website and the Wiley
website. Flexibility will be offered for students to start each quiz at a convenient time.
However, once started, a quiz will need to be completed within a limited time and in one
attempt.

Quizzes will be open-book. They must be completed individually, without help from
other students or individuals.

The lowest 2 scores of the quizzes will be dropped from your final score. This is intended
to give you flexibility, such as in the event of sickness, or an interview, or other need that
prevents you from taking a quiz. It does have an automatic effect to help increase your
grade, which is acknowledged.

There will be no make-up quiz.

Final Exam:
There will be a final exam, held during exam week.

The final exam will include multiple-choice questions and calculations from the material
covered in class during the whole semester (cumulative exam).

The final exam will provide up to 100 points.

The final exam will be administered online, through Brightspace and the Wiley website.
It will be open-book. It must be completed individually, without help from other students
or individuals.

Once started, the final exam will need to be completed within a limited time and in one
attempt.

There will be no make-up final exam.

General information for all assignments:

Assignments will be available online, for an extended period of time. For that reason, late
assignments will not be considered and will earn students 0 points for that
homework/quiz/final exam. Reasons for absence officially recognized by Purdue
University (e.g. documented medical leave, grieving absence) are allowed.

Technical issues are not valid excuses to be late or fail to complete an
assignment/quiz/exam. To avoid technical issues, complete your assignments
sufficiently ahead of deadlines that you would have time to complete the assignment on
another device (including walking to a computer lab if needed).

Grading Scale
Course grades will be based on the sum of points accumulated in homework, quizzes, and the
final exam. The maximum number of points available in the class is:

Homework, 10 points per homework (est. 2 times) 20 pts
Quiz, 20 points per quiz (12 quizzes — lowest 2 scores drop) 200 pts
Final exam 100 pts
Total 320 pts

Letter grades will be assigned as follows, without rounding (for example, 84.999% of the points
is a B grade):
