The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) is a federal anti-discrimination statute that provides
comprehensive civil rights protection for persons with disabilities. Among other things, this
legislation requires that all students with disabilities be guaranteed a learning environment that
provides for reasonable accommodation of their disabilities. If you believe you have a disability
requiring an accommodation, please contact Disability Resource Center (DRC) at (765) 494-
1247. For additional information visit http://www.purdue.edu/odos/dre

Mental Health/Wellness Statement

If you find yourself beginning to feel some stress, anxiety and/or feeling slightly overwhelmed,
try WellTrack. Sign in and find information and tools at your fingertips, available to you at any
time.

If you need support and information about options and resources, please contact or see the Office
of the Dean of Students. Call 765-494-1747. Hours of operation are M-F, 8 am- 5 pm.

If you find yourself struggling to find a healthy balance between academics, social life, stress,
etc. sign up for free one-on-one virtual or in-person sessions with a Purdue Wellness Coach at
RecWell. Student coaches can help you navigate through barriers and challenges toward your
goals throughout the semester. Sign up is completely free and can be done on BoilerConnect. If
you have any questions, please contact Purdue Wellness at evans240@purdue.edu.

If you’re struggling and need mental health services: Purdue University is committed to
advancing the mental health and well-being of its students. If you or someone you know is
feeling overwhelmed, depressed, and/or in need of mental health support, services are available.
For help, such individuals should contact Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS) at 765-
494-6995 during and after hours, on weekends and holidays, or by going to the CAPS office on
the second floor of the Purdue University Student Health Center (PUSH) during business hours.

Basic Needs Security

Any student who faces challenges securing their food or housing and believes this may affect
their performance in the course is urged to contact the Dean of Students for support. There is no
appointment needed and Student Support Services is available to serve students 8 a.m.-5 p.m.
Monday through Friday. Considering the significant disruptions caused by the current global
crisis as it related to COVID-19, students may submit requests for emergency assistance from the
Critical Needs Fund.

Emergency Preparation

EMERGENCY NOTIFICATION PROCEDURES ARE BASED ON A SIMPLE CONCEPT —
IF YOU HEAR A FIRE ALARM INSIDE, PROCEED OUTSIDE. IF YOU HEAR A SIREN
OUTSIDE, PROCEED INSIDE.

e Indoor Fire Alarms mean to stop class or research and immediately evacuate the building.
