e Seek and take in feedback from others; learning from other people is an important life skill.

Diversity & Inclusion Statement
1. In our discussions, structured and unstructured, we will explore a variety of challenging
issues, which can help us enhance our understanding of different experiences and
perspectives. This can be challenging, but in overcoming these challenges we find the
greatest rewards. While we will design guidelines as a group, everyone should remember
the following points:

e Weare all in the process of learning about others and their experiences. Please
speak with me, anonymously if needed, if something has made you
uncomfortable.

e Intention and impact are not always aligned, and we should respect the impact
something may have on someone even if it was not the speaker’s intention.

e Weall come to the class with a variety of experiences and a range of expertise,
we should respect these in others while critically examining them in ourselves.”

2. This course, as with every course offered at Purdue, plays a part in creating and
sustaining a welcoming campus where all students can excel. There are many initiatives
in the HTM department and supported by the university focused on this goal, and this
course is designed to take advantage of those resources. Learning experiences and
assignments address diversity and inclusion, not because they are “topics,” but because
they are necessary to prepare students to be successful in a diverse, global environment.

3. We strive for equity, providing equal access and opportunity, and working to maximize
student potential. This requires both instructor and students to identify and remove
barriers that may prevent someone from full access or full participation. You can help by:

e Contacting me, anonymously if needed, if you see a potential barrier for someone
or yourself in participating fully in the class. This might be a physical barrier such
as access to technology or a personal situation.

e Suggesting ways in which members of our class can support each other. Virtual
study groups and discussion boards are examples, but I encourage you to be
creative in your ideas.

e Getting to know each other as contributing members of our learning community.
Everyone has something to contribute, and while I designed the course to take
advantage of the wealth of knowledge, expertise, and experience we bring
together, I cannot do it well without your participation. There are many
opportunities built into this course for this type of work. It is important we do it
together.

Accessibility

Purdue University strives to make learning experiences as accessible as possible. If you
anticipate or experience physical or academic barriers based on disability, you are welcome to let
me know so that we can discuss options. You are also encouraged to contact the Disability
Resource Center at: drc@purdue.edu or by phone: 765-494-1247.
